[PNRv2] - Billing and services updates (#7578)
ovh/docs: pages/account_and_service_management/managing_billing_payments_and_services/changing_hourly_monthly_billing/guide.en-us.md

## Requirements

> - A [Public Cloud instance](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en/public-cloud/){.external} in your OVHcloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Public Cloud instance](/links/public-cloud/public-cloud) in your OVHcloud account
```
